hi I'm Charles Stewart jr. I'm going to
show you how to begin an illustrator
drawing Adobe Illustrator is a really
awesome program if you've ever played
with Photoshop it's it's a lot different
than you would think it goes about
things a little bit different than
Photoshop does and really illustrator is
used for designing print work and ads
and stuff like that and there's really a
lot of cool stuff you can do with it so
first you want to open adobe illustrator
up so you just click on the icon and
it'll load up and then i just click new
document and then from here it'll tell
you you know give you the parameters in
which you want to work in you know if
you're let's say you're creating a flyer
for a band or something like that you
could say you know the dimensions of
your flyer you can say well size it's a
letter you know or you go for a screen
size or whatever but for the sake this
by default it's a dis letter size which
is your standard you know 8 8 8 by 11
you know you can go in and name your
project will just call this temp and
then CMYK color RGB CMYK is used for
print work printers print and CMYK and
RGB is more what your monitor displays
so if let's say you're gonna do
something of illustrator and then move
it into Photoshop you'll probably want
to stay with RGB but if you're wanting
to print whatever you're making here and
stick with CMYK so just hit OK and then
it'll create the artboard that you're
gonna work on and really it's hard to
sum up exactly everything illustrator
does in one clip the best thing to do is
to go in and start playing with it again
like you can choose from different
shapes stars all the stuff square and
you know just make it and then just get
creative with it start playing with all
the tools in there you can change colors
around do all kinds of cool stuff with
it and make you know it lets you choose
fonts you can create words and really
make a cool flyer or you know
advertisement ads
stuff like that and so get in there and
play with it and this is pretty much how
to start an illustrator drawing